README.md, before:

# libshareuf

iRODS shared unixfilesystem plugin.

This iRODS plugin is a unix filesystem driver that creates files and
directories with world readable permissions. This permits directly
sharing iRODS vault data with system processes.

It is derived from the libunixfilesystem plug included with iRODS.

### Dependencies for make

Compilation requires CMake >= 3.5 and `libquadmath` library. For EL7,
the following packages from `base` and `epel` meet the requirements.

    cmake3
    libquadmath-devel
    openssl-devel
    rpm-build

The following packages from RENCI are required.

    irods-devel-4.2.0-1.x86_64
    irods-externals-avro1.7.7
    irods-externals-boost1.60.0
    irods-externals-clang-runtime3.8
    irods-externals-clang3.8
    irods-externals-cppzmq4.1
    irods-externals-jansson2.7
    irods-externals-libarchive3.1.2
    irods-externals-zeromq4-14.1.3
    irods-icommands-4.2.0-1.x86_64
    irods-runtime-4.2.0-1.x86_64
    irods-server-4.2.0-1.x86_64

RENCI's boost package includes feature patches to stock boost. It's
probably ok to have the standard `boost` package installed along with
RENCI's but I remove any stock packages for good measure.

### Compile and Install

To install this plugin:

    $ git clone https://github.com/EuPathDB/irods-libshareuf.git
    $ cd irods-libshareuf
    $ mkdir build
    $ cd build
    $ cmake3 -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/ ..
    $ make clean
    $ make
    $ sudo make install


To make RPM

    $ make package

### Testing

    $ cd irods-libshareuf
    $ ./makeAndRunTests

### Example usage

    $ iadmin mkresc shareufResc shareuf host.irods.vm:/var/lib/shareufResc

Commit message:

fix RPM package naming; add changelog for RPM packaging

README.md, after:

# libshareuf

iRODS shared unixfilesystem plugin.

This iRODS plugin is a unix filesystem driver that creates files and
directories with world readable permissions. This permits directly
sharing iRODS vault data with system processes.

It is derived from the libunixfilesystem plug included with iRODS.

### Dependencies for make

Compilation requires CMake >= 3.5 and `libquadmath` library. For EL7,
the following packages from `base` and `epel` meet the requirements.

    cmake3
    libquadmath-devel
    openssl-devel
    rpm-build

The following packages from RENCI are required.

    irods-devel-4.2.0-1.x86_64
    irods-externals-avro1.7.7
    irods-externals-boost1.60.0
    irods-externals-clang-runtime3.8
    irods-externals-clang3.8
    irods-externals-cppzmq4.1
    irods-externals-jansson2.7
    irods-externals-libarchive3.1.2
    irods-externals-zeromq4-14.1.3
    irods-icommands-4.2.0-1.x86_64
    irods-runtime-4.2.0-1.x86_64
    irods-server-4.2.0-1.x86_64

RENCI's boost package includes feature patches to stock boost. It's
probably ok to have the standard `boost` package installed along with
RENCI's but I remove any stock packages for good measure.

### Compile and Install

To install this plugin:

    $ git clone https://github.com/EuPathDB/irods-libshareuf.git
    $ cd irods-libshareuf
    $ mkdir build
    $ cd build
    $ cmake3 -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/ ..
    $ make clean
    $ make
    $ sudo make install


To make RPM

Confirm correct values in `CMakeLists.txt` for
`IRODS_PLUGIN_VERSION_MAJOR`, `IRODS_PLUGIN_VERSION_MINOR`,
`IRODS_PLUGIN_VERSION_PATCH`, `CPACK_RPM_PACKAGE_RELEASE`

Use CMake packaging routines to build binary package.

    $ make package

### Testing

    $ cd irods-libshareuf
    $ ./makeAndRunTests

### Example usage

    $ iadmin mkresc shareufResc shareuf host.irods.vm:/var/lib/shareufResc
